Add support for custom modes (#1283)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Outputs.md

}
```

> <sup>Since: unreleased</sup> A custom mode can be activated by setting `custom=true`, in which case the refresh rate is mandatory.
> 
> ```kdl
> /// Set a custom mode not offered by the connected display
> output "HDMI-A-1" {
>     mode custom=true "2560x1440@143.912"
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>Since: next release</sup> You can configure a custom mode (not offered by the monitor) by setting `custom=true`.
In this case, the refresh rate is mandatory.

> [!CAUTION]
> Custom modes may damage your monitor, especially if it's a CRT.
> Follow the maximum supported limits in your monitor's instructions.

```kdl
// Use a custom mode for this display.
output "HDMI-A-1" {
    mode custom=true "2560x1440@143.912"
}
```
